## Professional Biography
	My name is Nicholas Krouse, and I'm currently in my fall semester of my senior year as a Computer Science student at the University of Cincinnati. While I've been pursuing my education at UC, I've also been diligently at work in our school's Co-Op program, working for the past two years as an intern at a place called Resurgent Capital Services. Over that time, I've elevated from writing simple automation scripts to trivialize tasks that previously were ran monthly on a manual basis to more large scale operations: such as handling the entire Azure Billing data ingestion process that our company uses for expenses reports. I'm always looking for new exciting ways to expand my skillset, and feel free to reach out with any inquiries about professional work.

## Co-Op Work Experience
	So far, my main Co-Op experience has been working at the IT branch of the financial company, Resurgent Capital Services. There, I've worked as an application developer with a focus on data ingestion, creating jobs that greatly increase the processing rate of portfolios in our Inventory Management team. It's also been a great place to work on my data visualization skills, as I've also been given the opportunity to work on many Power BI reports, with some even being used by the CIO's and CEO's of the company. OVerall, it's given me a fantastic place to practice work and delve deep into languages such as C#, Python, and SQL.

## Project Sought
	While me and my team have still yet to fully lockdown what kind of project that we are working on, my hope is that I'll be able to use this opportunity to branch out into various other fields of computer science that working at my Co-Op hasn't allowed me to explore up till now.
	For example, one of the potential projects is a fully fledged mobile app that encourages users to connect with their IRL friends, and leave anonymous messages to one another. The appeal of this project would be able to focus on the front end including web application development, and mobile app development, two things I've previously had little experience with up to this point. The hope with this is to be able to have something showable at a demo that includes the whole experience, front to back. From having a website promoting/explaining the app, being able to download it from an appstore, create an account, implement user function, and have a database running in the background monitoring it all; I think it could be a real cohesive example of all the various disciplines I've learned while at university.

## Contact Information
- krousenj@mail.uc.edu
- nicholasjameskrouse@gmail.com
- (513) 646-6615